## Week 2 of 2024 : A Week promising changes



### Regarding Life

It is the time to harvest all the efforts blessed last year. We got a white ceramic pan and a Moka pot. I will update you on how the congregation will receive these in next week's blog. Last year, the most interesting item that was bid was a birdcage with many love birds. Two little girls got the bid. I wonder what happened to those birds. 

Every night, I read a bit of Mother Nature and many pages from children's books. 
This year is definitely taking me to new new places. I already see [Tiruchirappalli](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Tiruchirappalli) and [Patna](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Patna)

I made [ela appam](https://hebbarskitchen.com/elayappam-recipe-ela-ada-recipe-ila-ada/) this week following my own recipe.

Ingredients:
Add in a bowl:
1 cup of Rice Powder (make around 12 small ela appamas)
1 cup of hot water
little oil and salt
Make into a dough after the mixture cools down

Grind in a mixy:
2 cups of grated coconut
1 or 3/4 cup of powdered jaggery
2 - 3 green cardamon

Make small balls from the dough dipping finger in water so that the dough does not stick to hand. Pat the dough on the surface of a heated and washed banana leaf. Make it as thin as possible. Put 1 - 2 spoon of the coconut-jaggery mixture in the center. Fold the leaf spread with dough in the middle. Repeat with the rest of the dough. Steam all the dough filled leaves till the leaf and the dough comes off easily.

### Regarding Work

Exploring analysing urban heat islands with kriging. 
There may be more to share next week.

#### R Code for the week

```R
print("Nothing for this week")
```
From next week, I will add the list to my Rpubs -  [rpubs.com/jeenogeorge](https://rpubs.com/jeenogeorge)
