## Week 1 of 2024 : A Week to restore routine

The year started with something other than a bang. I did not want it to start with a bang. I wanted it to be as planned out as possible. So I returned home two days before the 31st and began putting things in order.

### Regarding Life

On the 1st, we made Chocolate Butter cake, taking the recipe from Joy of Baking.

---
Recipie:
Chocolate Cake:

4 ounces (120 grams) unsweetened chocolate, finely chopped

3 tablespoons (25 grams) unsweetened cocoa powder (regular unsweetened or Dutch processed)

1 cup (240 ml) hot coffee (or boiling water)

2 1/4 cups (295 grams) all purpose flour

2 teaspoons (10 grams) baking powder

1 teaspoon (6 grams) baking soda

1/2 teaspoon (2 grams) salt

1 cup (225 grams) unsalted butter, at room temperature

1 cup (200 grams) granulated white sugar

1 cup (205 grams) firmly packed light brown sugar

3 large eggs, at room temperature

2 teaspoons (8 grams) pure vanilla extract

1 cup (240 ml) milk, at room temperature

Frosting:

6 ounces (180 grams) semi sweet or bittersweet chocolate, chopped

1 cup (225 grams) butter, at room temperature

2 cups (230 grams) confectioners (powdered or icing) sugar, sifted

1 1/2 teaspoons (6 grams) pure vanilla extract

Chocolate Cake: Preheat your oven to 350 degrees F (180 degrees C) and place the oven rack in the center of the oven. Butter, or spray with a nonstick vegetable spray, two - 9 x 2 inch deep (23 x 5 cm) round baking pans. Then line the bottoms of the pans with parchment paper.

First, in a heatproof bowl, place the finely chopped unsweetened chocolate and cocoa powder. Add the hot coffee (or boiling water) and stir until the mixture is melted and smooth. Set aside to cool to room temperature.

Meanwhile, in a separate bowl, whisk to combine (or sift), the flour, baking powder, baking soda, and salt. 

In the bowl of your electric mixer, or with a hand mixer, beat the butter until smooth. Add the sugars and beat, on medium high speed, until the mixture is soft and fluffy (this will take about 3-4 minutes). Add the eggs, one at a time, mixing well after each addition. Scrape down the sides of the bowl as needed. Add the vanilla extract and melted chocolate mixture and beat to combine.

Add the flour mixture (in three additions) alternately with the milk (in two additions), beginning and ending with the flour mixture. Beat only until the ingredients are incorporated.

Divide the batter evenly between the two prepared pans and smooth the tops with an offset spatula or the back of a spoon. Bake for about 30 - 35 minutes or until a toothpick inserted in the center comes out clean and the tops spring back when lightly pressed. Remove from oven and place on a wire rack to cool for about 10 minutes. Then, one cake at a time, place a wire rack on top of the cake pan and invert, lifting off the pan. Remove the parchment paper and then, to prevent cracks, reinvert the cake onto a greased wire rack so that tops are right side up. Cool completely before frosting.

Frosting: Melt the chocolate in a stainless steel bowl placed over a saucepan of simmering water. Remove from heat and let cool to room temperature.

In the bowl of your electric mixer, or with a hand mixer, beat the butter until smooth. Add the sugar and vanilla extract and beat until it is light and fluffy (about 2-3 minutes). Add the melted chocolate and beat on low speed until incorporated. Increase the speed to medium-high and beat until frosting is smooth and glossy (about 2-3 minutes).

To Assemble: Place one layer of cake on your serving plate and cover with a layer of frosting. Then place the second layer of cake onto the first cake layer and then frost the top and sides of the cake with the remaining frosting. Can garnish with sprinkles, fresh fruit or shaved chocolate.This cake is at its best the day it's made. But it can be covered and stored at room temperature (or in the refrigerator) for about three days.

Serves about 12-14 people.

Read more: <a href = https://www.joyofbaking.com/ChocolateButterCake.html#ixzz8NwhQch4P>
Follow us: @joyofbaking on Twitter | joyofbaking on Facebook

---
The cake is a mandatory and long pending one for the Achus and the Office.

On the 1st, we went to have chaat at Kanti's and bought roasted Fox Seed or Lotus Seed.

With all efforts in the right place, school and office was restored peacefully. We are yet to take down the star and Christmas Tree.

### Regarding Work
I came across this super cool website: https://www.devdatalab.org/shrug
How did I ever miss this one!

Since I need to add a weekly code snippet:
#### R Code for reading dat format files

```R
library(haven)
data <- read_dta('/home/jeeno/Downloads/shrug-secc-cons-rural-dta/secc_cons_rural_pc11subdist.dta')
class(data)
dim(data)
head(data)
View(data)
table <- as.data.frame(data)
class(table)
```
From next week, I will add the list to my Rpubs - <a href = "https://rpubs.com/jeenogeorge">
